Document email notifications app_id query parameter (#298)
svix/svix-docs: content/email-notifications.mdx

</TabItem>
</CodeTabs>

### Redirecting to your webhooks management page

> When the webhooks management page URL is included in emails, Svix adds `svix_app_id` as aquery parameter, with the application ID or UID as the value.

Reviewer: When is it the ID and when is it the UID? unclear

Author: updated

> When the webhooks management page URL is included in emails, Svix adds `svix_app_id` as aquery parameter, with the application ID or UID as the value.

Reviewer: typo

```suggestion
When the webhooks management page URL is included in emails, Svix adds `svix_app_id` as a query parameter, with the application ID or UID as the value.
```
